Fix name errors (#221)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-T11-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

* `VersionedInTrack#undo()` — Restores the previous internship tracker state from its history.
* `VersionedInTrack#redo()` — Restores a previously undone internship tracker state from its history.

These operations are exposed in the `Model` interface as `Model#commitInTrack()`, `Model#undoInTrack()` and `Model#redoInTrack()` respectively.

Given below is an example usage scenario and how the undo/redo mechanism behaves at each step.

Step 1. The user launches the application for the first time. The `VersionedInTrack` will be initialized with the initial internship tracker state, and the `currentStatePointer` pointing to that single internship tracker state.

![UndoRedoState0](images/UndoRedoState0.png)

Step 2. The user executes `delete 5` command to delete the 5th internship in the internship tracker. The `delete` command calls `Model#commitInTrack()`, causing the modified state of the internship tracker after the `delete 5` command executes to be saved in the `intrackStateList`, and the `currentStatePointer` is shifted to the newly inserted internship tracker state.

![UndoRedoState1](images/UndoRedoState1.png)

> Step 3. The user executes `add n/David …​` to add a new internship. The `add` command also calls `Model#commitInTrack()`, causing another modified internship tracker state to be saved into the `intrackStateList`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 3. The user executes `add c/Google …​` to add a new internship. The `add` command also calls `Model#commitInTrack()`, causing another modified internship tracker state to be saved into the `intrackStateList`.
```
Should be changed to `add c/...` as InTrack's add format is different.

Author: Yes, thank you for the reminder. The necessary changes have been pushed.

</div>

The `redo` command does the opposite — it calls `Model#redoInTrack()`, which shifts the `currentStatePointer` once to the right, pointing to the previously undone state, and restores the internship tracker to that state.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** If the `currentStatePointer` is at index `intrackStateList.size() - 1`, pointing to the latest internship tracker state, then there are no undone InTrack states to restore. The `redo` command uses `Model#canRedoInTrack()` to check if this is the case. If so, it will return an error to the user rather than attempting to perform the redo.

</div>

Step 5. The user then decides to execute the command `list`. Commands that do not modify the internship tracker, such as `list`, will usually not call `Model#commitInTrack()`, `Model#undoInTrack()` or `Model#redoInTrack()`. Thus, the `intrackStateList` remains unchanged.

![UndoRedoState4](images/UndoRedoState4.png)

> Step 6. The user executes `clear`, which calls `Model#commitInTrack()`. Since the `currentStatePointer` is not pointing at the end of the `intrackStateList`, all internship tracker states after the `currentStatePointer` will be purged. Reason: It no longer makes sense to redo the `add n/David …​` command. This is the behavior that most modern desktop applications follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 6. The user executes `clear`, which calls `Model#commitInTrack()`. Since the `currentStatePointer` is not pointing at the end of the `intrackStateList`, all internship tracker states after the `currentStatePointer` will be purged. Reason: It no longer makes sense to redo the `add c/Google …​` command. This is the behavior that most modern desktop applications follow.
```
I'm not sure what this was referencing but seems like it should be changes to `add c/...` as that is InTrack's format

Author: Thank you for pointing this out. The changes have been made.
